# Bitcoin-Reward-Systems
Revisited bitcoin reward systems

Bitcoin was introduced in a self-published paper by Satoshi Nakamoto in October 2008. Decentralized consensus protocol in Bitcoin is executed through the process called mining. Currently, it is very difficult for individual miners to mine and they might take a timespan of few months or even few years depending on the complexity of the puzzle. This is the main reason for the miners to work in a collective manner by creating a group of miners called pool. As of now, mining pools are an inseparable part of bitcoin and other cryptocurrencies. In FC2016, Okke Schrijvers, Joseph Bonnaeu, Dan Boneh and Tim Roughgraden presented reward function properties for mining pool method which will show whether a mining method is incentive compatible or not. They have mentioned that it would be interesting to check whether score based pooled mining methods such as Slush method and Geometric method are incentive compatible or not. In this paper, the mathematical proof based on the properties given by Okke Schrijvers et.al has been derived to prove that the Slush method and Geometric method are not incentive compatible. The graphs generated from the results of the simulation showed clearly that the Slush method and Geometric method are not incentive compatible. The percentage of pool hopping allowed in Maximum Pay Per Share (MPPS) method is calculated. We also ensure that the pool never goes bankrupt at any point of time. We have also proved that the MPPS method is not hopping proof.
   
